Cyrus HTTP (RSS, CalDAV, CardDAV, iSchedule, Timezone Service)

    Note that the HTTP service and associated modules in Cyrus are still
    under development. This release should be considered beta quality. 

Introduction

    Cyrus http service has the ability to: 

      * Serve IMAP mailboxes as RSS feeds. 
      * Act as a calendar and scheduling (CalDAV) server by using IMAP
        mailboxes as calendar collections and RFC 5322 messages to store
        iCalendar data. 
      * Act as a contacts (CardDAV) server by using IMAP mailboxes as
        addressbook collections and RFC 5322 messages to store vCard data. 
      * Allow scheduling transactions between separate calendaring and
        scheduling systems via the iSchedule protocol (currently only used
        within a Cyrus Murder). 
      * Act as a Timezone Service by serving iCalendar (VTIMEZONE) data to
        client systems. 
      * Serve static content (such as the RSS feed list template and/or the
        CalDAV/CardDAV JavaScript clients mentioned below). 

    Unlike the Apache HTTP Server, Cyrus HTTP is NOT a general purpose HTTP
    server. Its feature set is limited to what is required to support the
    facilities listed above. 

    This document assumes that you are familiar with building and
    configuring a Cyrus server. If you have not already done so, please
    read and understand the rest of the installation documentation before
    continuing. Note: The "Installation" section below augments the
    "Compiling the IMAP Server" document. The remaining sections assume
    that your Cyrus server has already been successfully configured. 

    This document also assumes that you are familiar with RSS, WebDAV,
    calendaring, and contacts. 

Installation

    You will need to build Cyrus with the --enable-http configure option.
    This builds httpd and the associated modules and utilities based on the
    availability of the prerequisites listed below. 

General Requirements

      * Must have libxml2 installed. 
      * Must have a recent SASL release (v2.1.26 or later) in order to
        support HTTP Digest, Negotiate, and NTLM authentication. Otherwise,
        only HTTP Basic authentication will be available. 

Additional CalDAV / CardDAV Requirements

      * Must have libical installed. 
      * Must have SQLite v3.x (or later) installed. 
      * Optionally install Jansson for jCal/jCard support. 

